fix(client): eager unblocking of in-flight operations (#3573)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/tiny-pots-allow.md

---
'@urql/core': patch
---

Fix issue where a reexecute on an in-flight operation would lead to multiple network-requests.

> This issue was observable when using graphcache on pages where we'd have multiple queries that are inter-dependent, i.e.
> they shared entities that had queries running in parallel, one of them completing would result in
> graphcache calling `reexecute` while the other ones were still in-flight leading to duplicate network requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this issue presents itself when Graphcache is concurrently updating multiple, inter-dependent queries with shared entities. One query completing while others are still in-flight may lead to duplicate operations being issued.
```
